V15: Clarify breaking changes resolution (#6582)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/upgrading/version-specific/README.md

Models generated by ModelsBuilder used the `IPublishedSnapshot` interface, which has been removed. This means that the models need to be rebuilt. The approach to this will differ depending on the mode chosen:

**InMemoryAuto**

Remove the `umbraco\Data\TEMP\InMemoryAuto` folder to trigger a rebuild of the models.

**SourceCodeAuto and SourceCodeManual**

Remove the old models located in the `\umbraco\models` folder by default. This will cause your views to no longer be able to build due to missing types.

> To get around this you can disable precompiled view temporarily by adding the following to your csproj file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get around this you can disable the precompiled view temporarily by adding the following to your `.csproj` file:
```

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <RazorCompileOnBuild>false</RazorCompileOnBuild>
  <RazorCompileOnPublish>false</RazorCompileOnPublish>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> This will allow your site to start up, but you will still see an error page when trying to load a page. Disregard the error, enter the backoffice, and rebuild the models from the ModelsBuilder dashboard. You can now re-enable precompiled views and rebuild your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will allow your site to start up, but you will still see an error page when loading a page. 

1. Disregard the error.
2. Enter the backoffice.
3. Rebuild the models from the ModelsBuilder dashboard.

You can now re-enable precompiled views and rebuild your site.
```
